---> Common Inheritance Interview Question in Java.

---> Theoretical answers and practical.
---> These are my own answers it cannot include certain truth.

1.What is inheritance in Java, and why is it useful?
--->Basically, inheritance is one class shares its properties (methods, instance variable),This class called "super class" ,
there is one class which takes advantage of these method and instance variable is called "subclass". 
The main purpose of inheritance in java helps programmers in short time produce a lot work.

2.Can a class have more than one superclass in Java?
The answer is NO, a class in java can only have one super class.
The reason is because Java uses single inheritance. 

3.What is the difference between inheritance and composition in Java?
Inheritance is allowing a subclass to use properties of superclass, while Composition
is a class can include objects of other classes as instance variable.

4.How do you override a method from the superclass in a subclass?
To override a method from super class basically we can define simple creation of a method,
Which means access modifier, static or non-static, return type and method name, but the key
are these properties it must be same order with which method wanted override.

5.Can a subclass access the private members of its superclass in Java? If not, how can you make the subclass access them?
If these or this private member/s did not have getter or setter (Encapsulation) special methods, we cannot access them.
if they have these method we can access them.

6.How does the final keyword affect inheritance in Java?
when we do not want our class have subclasses, and we want our class be immutable, 
we initialize class with final keyword. 
Briefly when we don’t want other class take advantage of our class's properties, we use final keyword.

7.How does the super keyword work in Java, and when would you use it?
In java super keyword allows us to access properties of superclass, such as field hidden from another class, 
to call constructor of super class and to override super class method.

8.Can a subclass call the constructor of its superclass in Java? If so, how?
YES, it can call by super keyword, we should just call super keyword and assign in it parameter/s, 
and then if we need second constructor we can create after super keyword.

9.How does polymorphism work in Java, and how is it related to inheritance?
Basically. Polymorphism word means is many forms, 
in java we can say where an on object of sub class can act as object of super class, 
and with this approach we can use this object to take advantage of properties of base class.


